# DeltaV THRUST BSC contract 0x969f60bfe17962e0f061b434596545c7b6cd6fc4

Components of <b>DeltaV THRUST</b> DVG Protocol <br /><br />
<a href="https://deltav.exchange">deltav.exchange</a><br />
<a href="https://deltavthrust.com">deltavthrust.com</a><br />

<a href="https://bscscan.com/token/0x969F60Bfe17962E0f061B434596545C7b6Cd6Fc4?a=0x34007ca21e12d1d31eaea468f8f1639e6465508b"><b>PULSAR</b></a> is the most vital component of DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol to ensure a deflationary supply of DeltaV THRUST tokens over time. PULSAR  holds the same number of all DeltaV THRUST tokens in circulation and it’s main function is to send APY generated by PULSAR to dead address, taking those tokens out of circulation forever. DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol PULSAR is a hyper-deflationary aspect of DeltaV THRUST. PULSAR deflates the APY generated rewards to maintain the value of the holder generated APY gains. Deflation increases scarcity and leads to increase in value of each DeltaV THRUST token over time. PULSAR; locked in <a href="https://bscscan.com/address/0x34007ca21e12d1d31eaea468f8f1639e6465508b#code">GNOSIS</a> as a method of protecting the interests of the HOLDER over time. PULSAR is an emitting agent growing larger every moment eventally surpassing the circulating supply to deflate the overall token count. In essence PULSAR "takes one for the team" so the HOLDER of DeltaV THRUST maintains value by recieving an equivalent increased supply.

// insert the time / value of money
// generated rewards vs deflation // economic deflation
// HYPERDEFLATION EQUATION (revise)

PULSAR(APY) + <a href="https://bscscan.com/token/0x969F60Bfe17962E0f061B434596545C7b6Cd6Fc4?a=0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead">dEaD</a> + volume.burn + after.burn = tokens.removed.from.supply
total.supply - tokens.removed.from.supply = actual.supply

#liquidity.pair = actual.remaining.supply

DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol <a href="https://deltav.exchange"><b>HANDSHAKE</b></a> function empowers DeltaV THRUST by not charging transfer fees. InterClient eXchange. When sending DeltaV THRUST 100 DeltaV THRUST tokens results in  the receipt of precisely 100 DeltaV THRUST tokens. DeltaV THRUST transfers on par between clients. While DeltaV THRUST has a purchasing limit of 22000 DeltaV tokens HANDSHAKE has no limit to the number of DeltaV THRUST tokens transferrable between HANDSHAKE clients. <b>DeltaV THRUST HANDSHAKE</b> facilitates interpersonal value exchange at $0.00 fee. HANDSHAKE function allows exhanges of DeltaV THRUST tokens for other stable coins like <b>BUSD</b>, USDT, UST etc. If you have friend with some BTC, BUSD or ETH you can exhange/ trade cryptocurrency while both circumventing the BUY-SELL fee of DeltaV THRUST. Share your interest. Interest is growing. While not unique to DeltaV THRUST, it was here at DeltaV THRUST that this money saving function is given the name it deserves, HANDSHAKE.

STAGE 1

DeltaV THRUST’s <a href="https://bscscan.com/address/0xc75b704446d36d296c7138df969b4c1ba54d7326"><b>AFTERBURNER</b></a> is part of DeltaV THRUST’s DVG protocol cutting edge, randomized automated deflationary protocol. AFTERBURNER supports the chart by buying the top. AFTERBURNER is useful for pushing the ATH and buys on the shoulders of the holders. AFTERBURNER has a deflationary choice after every purchase 1) send to locked PULSAR 2) send to dEaD. AFTERBURNER fee plus volume burner fee = 11.1 percent of all volume = removal of 11.1 percent of total supply against volume of supply.

<b>SLINGSHOT</b> is DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol accumulator protocol. During periods of low trade where trades are more than 2 minutes apart, the trade based engine of DVG protocol would accumulate all due APY rewards that do not appear in holders’ wallets after a period of lower than usual trading volume. SLINGSHOT ensures that no APY reward tokens are ‘lost’ or simply disappeared. So if there’s a lapse of more than 2 minutes that tokens do not get populated in wallets, it means that SLINGSHOT is accumulating those tokens and would be distributed to holders’ wallets when the contract is triggered again by either a buy, sell or transfer of tokens. SLINGSHOT allows the DeltaV THRUST contract to ‘hang’ for extended periods without trade or transfer activity without ’seizing’ like some other Titano forks. SLINGSHOT is unique to DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol.

<a href="https://bscscan.com/address/0x9bfb519b4abee3c9cd155449c569bf5137fb0dca"><b>WARPDRIVE</b></a> is DeltaV THRUST’s DVG Protocol implementation of a mechanism to trigger the contract during periods of low trading volume so that APY rewards are distributed to holders’ wallets. WARPDRIVE does this by transferring 1 token every set period determined by market conditions. WARPDRIVE can be adjusted to different velocities to help speed up the distribution of tokens accumulated by SLINGSHOT function during periods of low volume. In theory, DeltaV THRUST rewards can be distributed every block which is between 5-8 seconds, but that only occurs during periods of intense high volume. During increased periods of volume the Daily Percentage Yield increases to astronomical levels. BUY-HOLD-EARN auto-staking and auto-compounding Daily Percentage Yield.

STAGE 2

DeltaV THRUST  deltaverse.dao

Fixed Supply phase

Postive rebase phase has ended. DeltaV THRUST is a fixed supply deflationary asset with 22.2% BNB rewards. deltaverse.dao governor distributes BNB to holders as per direct percentage of total THRUST holdings. DeltaV THRUST is an amortized web3 company.
